Emilio Dominguez  00:00
Okay, so last meeting was about what is currently there to be used for the scorecard, right? So I I was having this analysis Done with things pretty much in good standing. Some of them are partial. Some of them need a decision because of how Plex handles data. Some of them don't have a Plex path at all, right? One still bullied and one unconfirmed schema. On the so, these are the the legends on this for the for this artifact. So this is also coming from live data. The things that we have in some of the of the of the cards, some things are partial or legal decision, or they are not they are not built because there is no way right now, and some have unconfirmed schema or they have possibility to be built. So for this, like the revenue for now. So this is live data. This is and it's also a contrast on what where the data is coming from versus what it what Plex has, so this came from the Looker TV, and now there is this. The report is not built at all, right? But is is the data that is available to be to be used on that Looker Looker Studio report. So this has this the plex. It it is called the plex native path. All the all the sum what is going going on right now on data, and also there's some missing information from this revenue master price and master price. It says partially populated. That's about it. So that's that has data and can be that part of the of the scorecard. Then on the things that could be built, but we don't really have that sort of written variable data. This 90% into month metric, like the percent that is currently ongoing. Since this is just math, right? So this can.

Jennilyn Tockstein  03:10
Yeah, I'm wondering. So it wants a master price, and I'm like caught up on that.

Emilio Dominguez  03:19
This one, the

Jennilyn Tockstein  03:22
The revenue one

Emilio Dominguez  03:24
at this one.

Jennilyn Tockstein  03:25
Yeah, it says master price. Oh yes, master price is

Emilio Dominguez  03:32
exposed as a cross check column, but shouldn't be primary. See sales orders over 10k reports on header node on Y. So if we go to the query, here we can track that down

Jennilyn Tockstein  04:11
because I think what we'd want to use for revenue is the sales price And the revenue, as Vox counts it, means it's shipped.

Emilio Dominguez  04:29
Okay,

Jennilyn Tockstein  04:33
so it's basically the dollar value of shipped. Trying to remember. Yeah, it should just be like a generic revenue report. I would think we wouldn't have anything coming from Plex test because, well, maybe

Emilio Dominguez  05:05
I don't know

Jennilyn Tockstein  05:06
how much they're practicing shipping right now.

Emilio Dominguez  05:22
This is the sales revenue summary report. This one

Jennilyn Tockstein  05:33
is an amount or account revenue. Yeah, I think that that's not what we're going to want to use for Revenue.

Emilio Dominguez  05:43
Yeah, and the SQL code is this one. Let me just find this. So it has the data proof base price and the customer base price, the order totals, and the master price, as it calls it, it comes from the raw sales on the purchase order. That's that's the massive price here. Data approves, and that's that. So. So this is that that column, but yeah, I understand about just a more simple way to to have it.

Jennilyn Tockstein  07:11
So

Emilio Dominguez  07:14
we have sales orders report here.

Jennilyn Tockstein  07:19
I think we're gonna want this, the shipping revenue, not the sales revenue.

Emilio Dominguez  07:30
Okay. Um. Okay, so for the revenue, that would be the shipped orders.

Jennilyn Tockstein  09:47
Yeah.

Emilio Dominguez  10:31
Yeah. So we handle the the status here. So it would be the that ship status and just taking out this master price that is it's not even filled like that's not. that is being used right now.

Jennilyn Tockstein  11:10
Yeah, I think so. When you look in Plex, it's got like two databases to pull for for revenue ones in sales, and ones in shipping, and I think we want to pull it from the shipping.

Emilio Dominguez  11:32
Okay, let me

Jennilyn Tockstein  11:40
because this. one, I think, will be less reliable since it will not count in when we like close things short or ship partials or etc. But the shipping revenue should just be the units that went out the door, the summed value of the units that went out the door. So I think it's from here, and we would want them sorted by invoice date.

Emilio Dominguez  12:34
That's shipping revenue by part, right? Shipping revenue by part.

Jennilyn Tockstein  12:40
I mean, I couldn't find a way to not group it by part. We can just section like select all of them. It actually would be pretty nice to have by part group so that I can tell them their percent of revenue by by part group. That actually would be pretty nice.

Emilio Dominguez  13:01
Right on. Okay, that's revenue. Let's keep on. Then, as for the the goals, that's going to be just maybe a spreadsheet or something, a value that you will enter the on Looker Studio or something like you have. Yeah,

Jennilyn Tockstein  13:54
I'll make a table and Yeah, to calculate just something for them to put their goals in and and edit their goals should add that to my to do list.

Emilio Dominguez  14:11
That will also help this the percentage to do all right.

Jennilyn Tockstein  14:18
What's that?

Emilio Dominguez  14:20
So that's going to be used used used for this, like the percentage percentage percentage for the

Jennilyn Tockstein  14:31
yeah

Emilio Dominguez  14:31
for the goal symmetric and this is a calculated field that is max on the month month to date revenue on the goal, right? So this is like that table that is going to be quite custom, and then the revenue. This is still the the shipping revenue for. That we were talking about for this month month to date the revenue number, right?

Jennilyn Tockstein  15:16
Yeah.

Emilio Dominguez  15:17
Okay.

Jennilyn Tockstein  15:18
Month to date revenue.

Emilio Dominguez  15:20
Okay, nice. Then operational health, so that's quite difficult for the safe day. So that will be maybe also a table, right?

Jennilyn Tockstein  15:33
Yeah, same thing. I need to add a table to the query.

Emilio Dominguez  15:38
Then as for this, this is what maybe you were speaking about the the shipping, but well, this is totally shipping. So this is similar to the value from the amount A.

Jennilyn Tockstein  16:02
No, because this is revenue that is-it's the revenue value of items that are done. They're in shipping, but they haven't bought the building yet.

Emilio Dominguez  16:17
Okay.

Jennilyn Tockstein  16:18
So when we go to the shipping module, I can pull this up.

Emilio Dominguez  16:58
Revenue summary by ship two.

Jennilyn Tockstein  17:02
So this is gonna be, yeah, customer shipping. It's gonna be what's in customer shipping that's not shipped yet. Like I can show you. I mean, you're looking at the table. It's on here. Whatever's in here, whatever's in here that hasn't isn't marked as shipped yet. The value of all that's Completed, so they might have they might have like 10,000 units ordered, but 5000 units are ready, and we'd only want the value of the 5000 units that are ready to ship, not the 10,000 total. I think that the revenue in shipping is going to be the best place to pull this, yeah, anything that's open or pending is what we'd want to sum. But we'd want it to definitely just be the units that are ready, not the order total. I I thought we had some in the shipping. I think it's in there.

Emilio Dominguez  19:09
Okay.

Jennilyn Tockstein  19:16
I think we'll be able to pin it down to maybe a little better by tomorrow, because tomorrow we're doing a workshop on shipping.

Emilio Dominguez  19:25
Okay, nice.

Jennilyn Tockstein  19:29
And then I think general shipping might have the yeah or shipper history for like the total of what shipped yesterday.

Emilio Dominguez  19:38
Um,

Jennilyn Tockstein  19:38
they like to have. I think you have it on your artifact. Maybe not. They liked to have the. Um. They used to show the number of cartons that they shipped every day. Oh, yeah. So we we do show that on here. So on the that shipping report, you should be able to pull the number of packages shipped, and then a count of the orders that shipped. These two will probably be pretty important for them. And then, yeah, this is the revenue shipped yesterday. This is month-to-date revenue. It's the exact same thing as the other one. And this is that orders that are open or pending In shipping, and then these are the orders that are pending that are labeled blanket.

Emilio Dominguez  21:15
Are you labeling that also, Plex? That blanket.

Jennilyn Tockstein  21:20
We are. Let me see if I can find where we marked them. It's in the pipe right here, so you can change. No,

Emilio Dominguez  21:48
the type of

Jennilyn Tockstein  21:52
order type.

Emilio Dominguez  21:54
Order type. Okay. So that's that. Out of stock. This is inventory risk analysis report. Already has an is at risk flag. 90 plus days since land container activity. Plus, already built in this regarding

Jennilyn Tockstein  22:45
right now. Yeah, so it's yeah, it's the ones that have a stock level and a usage that's below it. So when we set up our parts, we can assign a minimum stock level, and it has that.

Speaker 1  23:29
maybe

Jennilyn Tockstein  23:40
So it's the minimum inventory quantity. If the inventory amount, like the inventory on hand, is negative, or we have none inventory and we have demand, and there's an inventory quantity, and the last part is it has to start with a three three. So the parts, if it's like a five three, and we're below. We don't count those. We're just counting the three three parts.

Emilio Dominguez  24:27
Okay,

Jennilyn Tockstein  24:28
because we'll have one twos and fives that have minimum stock levels, but for the our out of stock report, we just consider the three three parts. They start with a three three, and they have to have the minimum inventory quantity. I actually don't know where I can see this parts inventory amount.

Emilio Dominguez  24:59
Like if it's reaching that right, if it's reaching the minimum inventory quantity, so that's at risk.

Jennilyn Tockstein  25:08
Yes,

Emilio Dominguez  25:09
and parts that have the three tree. And you said the other thing about if it's. If it has demand, but does that mean that if it's there is a purchase order like pending or something related to the part?

Jennilyn Tockstein  25:38
Yeah, if there's sales orders and stuff that use the part so that the quantity available is below zero, then it's out of stock. I don't know how to see the demand here. Usually, there's like the quantity on hand, and then there's like the quantity available, the amount that hasn't been sold yet. Like, or it'll at least show you the quantity on hand and the quantity needed or quantity allocated or something, right? And your quantity minus that is your quantity available. But I don't see that in here. I'm sure it's on the at risk report or something.

Emilio Dominguez  26:40
Okay.

Jennilyn Tockstein  26:41
I did want to say, for us to be out of stock, it has to start with three three for the part number, and it has to have a minimum stock level. So sometimes we make custom parts. Those are okay to be negative because that's just showing us that we're in the process of making this part, it's not actually something we stock.

Emilio Dominguez  27:09
Okay, so that's out of stock logic. Then. We have the work in progress. So this sales orders value by the status report. So the the flag is work in progress. Third, how there is.

Jennilyn Tockstein  28:51
Um, I'm gonna hop on this call real quick.

Emilio Dominguez  28:55
Yeah,

Jennilyn Tockstein  28:56
just a second. No worries.

Emilio Dominguez  28:58
Don't worry.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
worry


Transcribed by https://otter.ai